ref(sdk-breadcrumbs): Add Breadcrumb timestamp info (#205)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/event-payloads/breadcrumbs.mdx

: A timestamp representing when the breadcrumb occurred. The format is either a string as defined in [RFC 3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339) or a numeric (integer or float) value representing the number of seconds that have elapsed since the [Unixepoch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time).  
Breadcrumbs are most useful when they include a timestamp, as it creates a timeline leading up to an event `expection/error`.

<Alert level="info">

>   Timestamp is for information only and does not change the order in which the breadcrumbs are displayed in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Breadcrumbs will not be sorted by timestamp, they keep their order in the way they were added.
```
